Main front-end and mobile techs:
1.Angular.Js and ionic
2.Vue.js and Weex
3.React.js and React-Native
Hybrid APP developement:
H5+, Hbuilder

Category:
H5 and Ionic:
1.Must have a entire website, and use H5+ or Ionic package techniques to package the website into application.
2.Use H5 and Ionic package technologies to package the website into a app into cellphone: Aim1: install to mobile, Aim2: to use equipment’s API
3.Get an Android App after packaging. Container and web, 
Ads: High development efficiency. 
Can use Ionic or H5+ ’s UI component to improve the dev efficiency
Can use framework’s packaging to build app quickly and push to App Store.
Dis: Low operating efficiency and operability


React Native and Weex
1.Also need to develop a project, but not a website, but a template, different with Ionic and H5+. This template cannot opperate in Cellphone and browser.
2.When the app finished development, need to use packaging command to translate the code into Java or OC line by line. Finally the app will totally transfer to native code. So it development the real APP, but use the Front-end development techs.

3.Native APP, the operating efficiency is higher than H5 or Ionic APP,
Native code inside of Container
Compare to left side, the APP here has better operability and more fluently. 
Dis: Not too much available UI components. 



RN not support python 3

Yarn is provide by Facebook, is an alternative of npm can accelerate the node module downloading. Purpose, RN project create, init, update, operate and package.

Webpack:
GULP compression
Js code compression: web pack

Modularize: From the code perspective, take the difference project part into different module. Easy for reuse/
Component development:From the UI perspective to analyze the problem and separate the page into several unrelated components. Along with the development of component, we will get more and more components, finally, we can easily important components and splice them into one page. To create the whole page quickly.
Component is the aggregate of elements.
React: put the (structure, style, business logic) into one file by js file.

Week App: mostly Chinese local App: Like Ali, Youku, 

How does Virtual Dom work:React uses virtual DOM to enhance its performance. It uses the observable to detect state and prop changes. React uses an efficient diff algorithm to compare the versions of virtual DOM. It then makes sure that batched updates are sent to the real DOM for repainting or re-rendering of the UI.
 
React : install react components, lifecycle
React-dom : packaging something related to DOM manipulations, e.g. render component to pages.

JSX: mechanism: still use react.creatElement ’s style to realize. Doesn’t use HTML code directly render to pages.
<> to compile HTML
If want to write Js code in JSX file ,must use {} contents. {brace, curly}
Can write any Js code meet the specfication{}

IF you want to add “class” prop in JSX, you should use “classname” cause class is an identifier. Same as for in html, it should be changed to htmlfor

JSX Comments method:
{ /* */}
{
 // comments
}

Es6 … means properties expand. Expand all props in to this location

In component, if you want to use outside data, you can receive the data through constructor’s props. Props is Read only

Class extend 
Children class extends parents class
Super(); //== means the constructor in the parent class, it can inherit any props from parent, includes static props

Data sharing:
Method1: properties expand … cannot rewrite with the prop
Method2:Es6 keyword class constructor is default even it doesn’t show 
Cannot var value inside of the class

Static static method

Class {
    Constructor(){
}
}


Function component: must define props before you use it.
Class component: you can directly use by this. Props. No need for define ahead;

If you want to use props in constructor, you have to write the props in bracket constructor (props)


OOD: inheritance, package, polymophism
Polymophism means the parent class only define the function’s name, but not define the realize logic. The children can use different way to realize the function.

Stateless component: Functional component : no state
If one component only need the props from outside, and render the page, fit for stateless component {ads: because of no lifecycle, quick a little bit,}

Stateful component: Class component: have state, can write and read
Class component has its own lifecycle function

